Kanom? / Yeah?
Have you revised the application's front page from Bank's notes already?
Not yet, no pigeons come to receive my file.
Where have you been living? A stone age? Using pigeon to be carrier.
Stop messing with me. We still have tons of work to do. You revised it or not?
Already did and sent.
Sent already?
You need to call Decha and give him an earful.
He let us two working while he's enjoying his time in Phuket.
And tell Suttirak to deduct his salary
and give his to us 10% each.
Calm down. It's hard for him to find a man to spend time with.
I'm gonna call Bank to check on something.
Sure.
Hello?
Kanom already sent you the revised version, did you see it?
Are you okay with the changes?
We'll take this version then.
Okay.
I saw it yesterday that your kid was sick. How is he?
Glad to hear that.
Bye. Talk to you later.
You needed to ask your co-worker about his life?
Are you aiming to win URWISH Boy next year so you need to start gaining popularity now?
Nope. He was nice to Bank because he's afraid that he wouldn't make it through probation period.
Suttirak asked him to be nice to others.
He wasn't only nice to humans, he was also nice to a dog too.
He even greeted a dog with a nice hello.
That's exaggerating. I asked about Bank's kid and it wasn't because of Rak's order.
I was worried about his kid truly.
Are you in a beauty pageant? Why do you need to like children?
That's right.
Look at you. Why did you dress up?
Don't tell me that you'll go on a date with a new guy?
Are you sure that he's a good guy?
Of coure, I've taken a good look at him. Every inch and every corner.
Dao!
I'm not going on a date with a man but I'll go to my school's reunion.
You need to dress up for that?
There's a dressing code.
Excuse me.
Wait, the owners haven't let you in yet. How could you get in?
Come on in.
See? Dao let me in.
Excuse me, house owner.
My mom sent me this. So I want to give it to you.
Thank you so much. Your mom is so kind to her future daughter-in-law.
Please thank your mom for me.
Your mom gave me food like this
but when will you bring a daughter-in-law like me to meet your mom?
Dao!
What? Dad?
Let's talk later. My dad's here today.
You need to cook your own food.
Because I'm gonna go partying with my friends and sleep over at their house.
Whose? Male or female's house?
You're a clone of dad.
It's a female's house. I'd be in big trouble to stay at a male's house.
Don't wait up for me. I'm gonna sleep over at my friend's.
Am I your playmate? Stop being in my way.
I'm leaving.
Leaving now.
See you later / See ya.
Do you want something to eat while working? I can cook it for you.
No need to.
Don't be such a smart mouth. I'm about to tell him that
I want to eat you. More of you.
I'm sorry. But the house owner doesn't want anything to eat.
But thank you so much for working on the weekend.
Can you kiss my cheek instead?
Stop it already.
Fine.
Excuse me.
Get home safe.
What if one day Dao became Rak's girlfriend?
Are you okay with that?
Nope. I'm not.
You need to prepare for it.
Let me tell you something. Flirty girl like Dao could snatch many guys.
Like me and my boyfriend. We started as friendly flirting and look how it ended up.
There's no way that's gonna happen. Dao knows how much I hate him.
She won't date Suttirak for sure.
What should I write as a caption? Sleep over at my boyfriend's and he made me coffee.
Nope. My real boyfriend would be upset.
I should write 'Go with me free coffee'
You're up, baby?
Yes, darling. Don't play with fire cause I'm cool with that.
You should mind just a little. Otherwise, Lisa'd kill me.
Can you help me find a way to sleep over at Rak's room?
Make a copy of his house key.
When you get it, you should get into his house and steal his TV, fridge, all of them.
That's good idea to earn extra money.
I'm not a thief!
Pae!
Pae / Yes?
Can you take a look here with me one more time?
What?
Why is Dao in Rak's bedroom and wearing his shirt?
Do you think they were….?
They go back to bed again? What? A second round?
If this was in a game, it should have been a baby coming out already.
You're here to delivery drinks?
That's right.
What's going on? Why are you two looking like that?
Nothing. I was just wondering why you look good today.
I'm not. This is my normal look.
You want some coffee? You should come to the café, I'll make one for you.
That's okay. I can make it myself.
You can have mine. You should enjoy your coffee over there.
What? / Go over there.
You should walk over there.
Sit down here / Sit
Enjoy your coffee at the stairs.
Here? Enjoying my coffee?
My dad used to tell me that sipping coffee here would make it taste better.
Fine.
You're up?
I'm up already. You've been up for long?
That's right.
I should call you my baby after spending a night here.
Are you hungry? I cook you breakfast.
If I knew that you would take a good care of me like this,
I would have slept in your room sooner.
Is there something going on?
Nothing.
Then why did you drag me here to have coffee?
I told you that my dad suggested to drink coffee by the stairs in the morning.
It'll taste better.
Is that right?
I'm not lying. I did it and it tasted better.
You could smell wood and coffee. Good combination.
It's like having coffee in New Zealand.
If you say so.
Diao / Diao.
Rak's house will be ruined. What should we do?
Stop him! If he burnt the house down, we would be burning in flame for sure. Let's go.
When did the curtain close?
Do you think Diao would see Dao in Rak's room?
I think we should play it cool and wait for his reaction.
Okay.
There's nothing going on. Why did they act strange?
Nothing.
What strange? You're overthinking it.
I just want you to enjoy your coffee time by the stairs.
I need to go back to the café. I start to miss my girlfriend.
I'm gonna go back home too. I miss my boyfriend.
You said that your boyfriend's on a trip to Ratchaburi.
He's coming back this evening and he'll want to have coffee with my by the stairs.
Your condo is made from mortar.
It's giving the similar feeling.
Huh? / Let's go.
Wait.
What?
You forgot your phone.
Thanks.
They act so suspicious. What's going on?
It's good that you close the curtain just in time.
If Diao saw that I was in Rak's room, it would have been a big mess.
That's right. He's overprotective.
I'm often wondering if he's my younger brother or my father.
I'm hungry, are you?
I'm waiting for you.
If you say so..
what're we waiting for? Let's come closer.
I'm gonna wash clothes.
Dao!
Why're you here in Rak's room? Why're you wearing his shirt.
Dao was….
You know that I have a crush on Dao. How could you do this to me?
Rit!
I need to talk to him.
This house is about to be on fire. I need to escape.
If Diao knew that I slept here, my house would be on fire too.
I thought Dao was just being friendly flirty with him. I didn't know that they would actually do it.
But Rak didn't show any sign of affection to Dao.
He was so quiet about this but he got the girl.
What? Rak and Dao were seen together?
If you're gonna be this loud,
you should use a microphone so everyone could hear.
If you're gonna gossip about her, do it discreetly. Dao's story shouldn't be sharing around.
We're just sharing tea on this topic privately.
Pae and I saw Dao in Rak's room with our own eyes this morning.
Maybe Dao forgot something in his room so she went to get it back.
Then why did she wear his shirt?
She likes fashion. That could be a new trend of wearing oversize shirt.
It might not be Rak's.
Oversize shirt and men's shirt are totally different.
Believe me. I have a boyfriend.
I need to confirm something too.
We can't think of anything else when we see a woman in a man's bedroom.
When Lisa was first going to my room, she wore my shirt in the morning too.
We shouldn't spread the rumor. We didn't know the truth.
If we keep talking like this and Diao hears about this, it would be a big mess.
Hey, listen to me.
Nope. How could you do this to me? There're plenty of women out there.
Why Dao? Why?
Dao was super drunk last night.
So what? You took advantage of her?
Why don't you just rip my heart open?
Hello?
You're there?
Okay, I'm going now.
Do you believe me now ?
Rit knew about it but what about Diao?
I think I should get going. I don't feel safe here.
Diao could be angry and burn this place to the ground.
I'm leaving now. See you later.
I'm gonna go check on Rit.
Good idea.
Did Pae and Kamom damage my home? They acted so weird.
Nothing's broken.
It's Dao's earring. Why's it here?
They both acted strange because….
Hello, Tik. Can I sleep over at your place?
Som's gonna come over? Fine.
Someone said that having cold ice-cream could calm you down.
Someone who?
Me.
It's good being you. You have nothing to worry about.
Who said that? I'm worried about something. It's that you having a crush on Dao.
You're signing off again? Checking your router, would ya?
Let's have some ice-cream. When you open the lid, you won't be able to stop smiling.
Thank you for this but I really couldn't smile right now.
The picture of Dao sitting in bed in Rak's bedroom still haunted me. My heart is about to leave my chest.
If your heart is leaving your chest, then how could you breath?
I know that you're angry right now but what you saw maybe not what you think.
How could it not be? Dao was in Rak's room and wore his shirt.
She even talked softly and sweetly with him.
Maybe she wanted to be a cat?
Pleng!
Come on, just sit down and have some ice-cream. I'll be here with you.
Can I come over?
I can?
I need to borrow your clothes too.
I'm leaving now
If you see Rak, please tell him that I'm not coming home tonight.
To Saphan Kwai / Sure.
Rit!
Seeing you like this, my heart is about to leave my chest too.
Should I ask him directly if Dao spending a night in his room last night?
But if I ask him directly, he would think that I make thing up
I should beat around the bush.
Hey / Come on in.
You told me to come on in but why didn't you open the door for me?
I'm not talking to you.
I'm talking to the technicians.
This way.
If you're done, can I have a word with you?
Okay.
You need to clean all three AC, in my bedroom, and…
How could I ask him? What about if he's going to use the kitchen today?
But it has nothing to do with Dao.
I need to come up with something related to Dao and her earring.
You want to talk to me?
Do I need to ask a house owner about bring in AC technicians?
You should. There's a woman in this house too.
See? It's related to Dao.
You need to let me know first because Dao is home by herself and it's dangerous.
I won't let the technicians come here if I am not around.
Why ? You brought someone home and they said your bedroom is too hot?
Don't say that it was Dao?
That's right.
Who?
If you were a girl, I would have thought that you were jealous of me.
I was asking as a house owner, come on.
It's Rit.
That's a relief. I thought it was Dao.
Anything else?
Nothing.
He keeps asking me all these questions. He must know that Dao slept in my room. Where did he get the idea from?
Where did I drop my earrings? Or in Rak's bedroom?
You're cleaning your house?
If you'd be so kind to honor me as your first wife,
I'd help you clean your house all day.
I think that Dao starts to get suspicious of you sleeping in my room.
How did he know?
I have no idea either.
But he tried to get something out of me.
Like why I had technicians to clean my AC, if I had someone sleeping over.
Did he see my missing earring?
Diao is watching us from the kitchen.
What should we do?
You should pretend to scold me for having technicians coming over and not telling your first.
How could you do this? You can't just have someone over and not telling me first.
What if the technicians took advantage of me? What am I gonna do?
If you're gonna have someone coming over, you need to tell me first.
There's a new rule. If you're gonna have someone coming over,
you need to let the owner knows first, got it?
How was my acting?
That's so terribly bad.
I think you should get inside.
I can't. If I go inside, Diao will be asking me hundreds of questions.
I'm gonna go shopping.
She acted so suspicious. Was she really sleeping in Rak's bedroom?
Pae and Kanom must see something.
Come here.
Let me go, let me clock in first.
If you won't tell me what you saw in the morning, I won't let you clock in.
I didn't see anything. I don't know what you want me to say.
Enough with your lies. I saw you acted suspicious since yesterday. You kept telling me to enjoy my coffee by the stairs.
What about in our chat group ?
You sent a sticker of Greeting on Monday, but in fact it was Sunday at 10:00 pm.
When I asked you questions, you just typed 'Kanom left the chat room'.
And you said you saw nothing?
How could I get out of this? Fine.
You're gonna pretend to be a sculpture? Fine. I'll put mortar on you.
Wait. I have a cramp. I was trying unusual position with my boyfriend last night. Look, I couldn't even speak.
You didn't believe me? Fine. What do you want to know?
What did you and Pae see in my house yesterday?
You slept with my sister?
Please calm down. I can explain.
There's no need to explain anything. Kanom told me about it.
She saw you took Dao to sleep in your bedroom.
That's right. She slept in my bedroom but it's not like what you think.
How could it be something else?
Don't you feel anything? You just took my sister to your bed.
I think you need to get it together. If you don't care about me,
at least you should think about your sister.
Because what's inside your head right now, you don't use your brain but use your shoes to think.
Let me go.
Calm down. There's nothing going on between me and Dao.
Nothing? Dao wore your shirt and slept in your bedroom.
You're gonna say that you invited Dao to pray? Let me go.
If you keep moving like this, you're just gonna ending up hurting yourself. Let me explain.
Nope, let me go.
I tell you to calm down.
Hello? Uncle Jod?
What? Okay. I'm leaving now.
We'll talk later about your sister.
Calm down. Sit here and wait to talk to Rak first.
I was grabbing my things when he's not around because I don't want to talk to him.
If you're gonna go back home, you need to transfer to new school.
It's gonna be complicated.
It's better than seeing Dao and Rak are in love.
My heart couldn't take it anymore. When I saw them in the room together,
my heart is about to leave my chest.
Now I know why he doesn't like city girls.
He's truly a country guy.
My heart is hurting so bad.
I'm leaving.
And you all need to remember that I can't be here anymore because of Rak.
Wait.
Rit, calm down.
You stole Dao from me and you told me to calm down. How could you say that?
I can't wait for you at work. I'm gonna go home now.
Hurry up and finish this so we can talk.
Move. I'm going back to mom and dad.
Stop it. Follow me so I can explain it at once.
No need to explain. / Come here.
I don't want to get into young people's business but I'm still young at heart.
Let me hear about this.
How could I dodge Diao this evening? I know. I could pretend that I have a sore throat.
No need to hide. I can see you.
Did you spend a night in Rak's bedroom?
Stop acting already.
Fine. We can talk about him later.
My office orders your 70 lunch boxes, can you make it?
I can.
You can talk now.
I don't want to hear any excuses that you didn't spend a night there.
Because Kanom saw you in his bedroom.
And I saw your earring dropped in front of the door.
Or you're gonna pretend that this is not yours.
That's right.
You don't have to find an excuse. I told Diao that you slept in my bedroom.
Hello.
Rak.
This is the story.
When are you gonna accepting my love?
Where's the key?
I'm gonna call you, my key.
There's no sign of the number you dialed.
Are you looking for your house key?
I can't find my key but my true love is right in front of me.
Are you alright?
You're ruining it. We supposed to kiss earlier.
I'm gonna fall down for you again.
That's fine. If you can't find your key,
why don't you call your brother?
My brother? He was asleep already. He told me that
if he's sleeping, then his phone is sleeping too.
I used to call him in the middle of the night for hundreds of times and he didn't pick up.
I think I'm gonna sleep outside tonight.
You can sleep in my room.
I'm waiting for your invitation. Let's go.
I'm a wiggler so please hold me tight.
I'll be sleeping on the couch.
I think I should sleep outside.
That's okay. You can have my room. I can sleep on my couch.
Okay, thanks. Can I borrow your shirt? I'm gonna wear it to bed.
That's fine.
Can you help me? I can't walk properly. I feel weak.
This way please.
Why do you hold me like I'm sick?
This was how it went. You're overthinking it.
And you're not? You were about to go home.
I'm not.
This is pretty too.
Are we clear?
Are you lying?
I'm not.
Then why did you have to act suspicious? It's nothing.
Because you don't like my boyfriend.
And if you knew that I slept in my boyfriend's bedroom, you would be mad at us.
So I think I shouldn't tell you.
This is too close.
If there's something going on between me and him, it won't be a secret.
I'm gonna put it in billboard in the heart of Bangkok.
People'd know that we're couple.
So the other girls that have a crush on Rak would know.
Please don't say that. My heart hurts.
Rit! / Yeah?
You need to calm down about this.
Okay, dad.
You're not mad at me anymore?
Who's mad at you? I was just asking to be clear.
I told you to think before you speak. But I think I should add that.
You should be more critical thinking because speaking too.
I totally agree with you. Our thought is too scary.
If we let our thought out loud,
at least people can say if this is true or this is not true.
But if we keep our thought inside of our head,
we could do something wrongfully.
Like when Diao yelled at Rak?
Like when you were about to go back home?
If everything is okay, then I'll go back to my café.
Okay / See you later.
Thank you, Uncle Jod / Bye.
I'm gonna put my things away.
Let's go / Okay.
I need to clean my bedroom too. It's unlocked.
Fine, dad.
What're you waiting for? Go back to work.
You need to go back to work too.
I'm going back to clear thing up about family
I'm going back to clear thing up about family too.
You misunderstood and tried to punch me during working hours.
But everything worked out now so you need to kiss my cheek to apologize.
You're thinking about punching your boss? Be careful about your probation.
Are you serious?
I am.
Can you close your eyes?
Fine.
What're you looking at? I kissed your cheek? You want me to kiss your lips? I'm not doing it.
You did this earlier.
Dao was drunk and couldn't find her house key so Rak offered her to sleep in his bedroom.
That's the tea?
That's it?
It's not fun.
What?
I'm gonna get back to work now.
Let's go.
Love Note. Chapter 7. A key to the heart.
After Ryo and Ryu went through their most romantic dinner,
Ryu wanted to keep this happy memory as long as possible.
So he walked very slowly.
Ryo didn't want this happy time to end as well.
Are you sleepy?
Not yet.
Your couch looks good.
Yes.
Your plants look good.
If you're sleepy and don't want to talk to me, it's fine.
Nope. I just run out of things to say.
Then we can just sit here on the couch and we don't have to say anything.
I just want to be with you as long as possible.
Sitting with your crush in silence could allow you to hear each other's heartbeats.
I need to tell you new rule about garbage bin.
What is it ? / If you forget to close the lid, you need to…
Who called him? Why didn't he pick up the phone in front of me?
If you can't pick up the phone, you want me to do it?
Excuse me.
I don't know. I'm searching for them.
How long has he been standing here? What should I do?